San Diego is located on the west coast of the United States.
Located on the Mexican border.
It is the southernmost city in California.
It has a population of approximately 1.5 million.
Since the Europeans first settled here in the 18th century,
San Diego's luck and personality
Both are dominated by the warm currents of the Pacific Ocean.
Because of the water depth of the harbour, the city has always been an important trading port.
It was once the world's largest collection of tuna fish.
Today, San Diego is the main stronghold of the US Navy's Pacific Fleet.
The Old Town of San Diego is often referred to as the "home of California."
The historic heritage area has been preserved and reshaped
The early days of Mexico and the United States.
In the 1860s, the development and focus of the city shifted to the waterfront.
But the old town remains the focus of social and cultural celebrations.
The downtown area of ​​San Diego is right next to the waterfront.
There are some beautiful historical buildings in the Central Business District.
But if you want to see the real side of San Diego, you have to go to the Gasply neighborhood.
There are historic Victorian buildings in the 16th district.
It will become very lively at night, and many fans and college students will come to this area for fun.
A few blocks from the city centre is the largest urban park in the United States.
This is a place to gather nature, culture and wonderful architecture.
There are more than ten museums in Balboa Park.
Collections range from cars to aviation, from art to natural history.
There are also nearly 20 different gardens for visitors to visit.
Including the gardens of the Seville Castle.
Balboa Park has a walking trail that connects many famous attractions.
For example, the San Diego Zoo.
This is one of the largest animal parks in the world.
It is also a few places other than China.
You can see the giant panda with your own eyes.
To truly realize the relationship between San Diego and the seven oceans of the world,
Access to the waterfront area of ​​the city centre.
Here you will find the Maritime Museum and Navy Pier.
Boarded the aircraft carrier Midway, the longest service in the 20th century.
At the nearby Broadway Pier, jump on the ferry and leave the busy city centre.
Just a short voyage, it came to Coronado, where the rhythm slowed down.
Since the 1880s, locals have enjoyed the sun and relax here.
The opposite port is Point Loma.
The explorer Juan Rodriguez Scarbrillo first landed here in 1542.
Loma is the Spanish word for "mountain", and the scenery here is beautiful and fascinating.
When the weather is good, you can even see Mexico.
To the north, next to the steep cliffs of Point Loma,
It is an endless California beach.
The beach is so beautiful that it inspired the inspiration of the famous old-fashioned orchestra "Beach Boy"!
Each beach has its own character.
Mission Beach is relaxing and relaxing, while the bars on the nearby Pacific Beach.
In the evening, the party will be held all night, very lively.
A good way to explore these nearby coasts is to rent a speedboat and go ashore.
A little further ashore is the "Gem City" - La Jolla!
Surrounded by three sides of the ocean, La Jolla has the perfect coastline.
Picturesque streets and beautiful buildings.
This situation is exactly the same as the famous "California Dream".
Even the sea lions agree!
Children will also like San Diego.
They can play their imagination in Legoland at will;
In Belmont Park, there is a 100-year-old, thrilling large roller coaster.
Suitable for people of all ages to challenge.
The San Diego people have a deep respect for the ocean.
Birch Aquarium at
San Diego plays an important role in the marine research and conservation tradition.
Of course, you can’t miss the entertaining and educational world of the sea.
Since its opening in 1964, it has attracted countless visitors from all over the world.
Visitors to San Diego will turn into gourmets.
Due to proximity to Mexico and the ocean,
Needless to say, I also guess what special dishes are available.
Then, it is better to come first with a Mexican fried prawn and chilly beer.
Of course, to end your day in San Diego perfectly,
The best way is to go to the beach with your lover or a confidant to watch the sunset.